pharoh Tyrion is going to be playing as
a hi tant today on top with Cass and
he's going to be against y pulse who's
going to be a w spider xar I kind of
love this matchup it's really fun to
play as a w spider xar in this matchup I
find cuz you're just getting swarmed by
mobs of melee quite a lot and you just
have a lot of ranged
pieces little chest pieces to move
around the map to contend with that
melee spam tricky match up for the Eldar
in the early
game definitely gets better as the game
goes on W spiders in tier 2 were
absolutely cracked against the tyranids
and of course playing as the W spider
xack you get cheaper access to them in
tier 2 so we'll have to see if W pulse
is going to go for this this is a sloppy
Saturdays game so I'm not sure if we'll
see conventional builds or
not we are seeing double term again
from Pharaoh which is probably
not probably not the meta these days but
it's still
strong this wouldn't have been such a
bad situation if y pulse was a little
bit faster on the micro toally should be
retreating there way sooner needed to
Retreat Way sooner basically as soon as
they were in melee he should have
retreated but yeah if he was a little
bit more alert he would have come down
this way moved them here to see the
enemy and would have been able to just
take the gar
and then he would have been chilling the
homon wouldn't be able to do anything
and it would be an easy 1 V one for the
Guardians the W better xar of course can
contribute quite a lot by default just
Pew peing
gauns but his actual DPS is not that
high you really do want to get both of
those upgrades in tier one your target
as accessory which gives you 50% more
range damage and a range boost and also
your heavy gauge death spinner
for just more passive range damage and
then you will really punish the tyranids
quite a lot it is the advantage of going
double ter against you actually have
something to try and shoot him down when
he's not in cover try and break as much
cover as you can with the hi to all
these uncrushable tank traps are a bit
of a
pain W pulse is definitely slow on his
micro here I don't know what he was
looking
at to prevent the W spider xar
teleporting straight out maybe there's
indecision maybe he's the like do I need
to teleport out but yeah you get a lot
of teleports and your want Spider you
don't need to be cautious about using
them this is crazy I would not be going
double banshees against
tyranids uh especially a hive Tyrant who
can just pick up rending Talons and
fling those banshees around and do crazy
high damage to them but we'll
see I wouldn't do this you do have the
ability to stun him if you get the heavy
gauge death filament which you should do
okay he's going for the improved W
generator I don't know why this is not a
priority PCH just whatsoever it's
probably something you get while you're
taking tier
two I mean he's got double banshees and
he's got group teleport
like I don't
know way too much HP on the have t right
now to be able to deal with him on
retreating melee but he can tie up the
teras so that's fine
pharoh Tyrion now to look at his build
he's got way too many gens and he's not
doing anything with it these Warriors
could have come out ages ago you only
need one gen I think to get the Warriors
out optimally or maybe it's two right
now can't
remember the price of things keeps
changing and I don't play often enough
but either way you certainly don't go
free gens and get to 500 wreck before
you get your tier 1.5 but you know
obviously these players are
new new and or
unfamiliar so he goes for the the
Warriors I'm not sure what he's doing
with
them he already has synapse from the h
Tyrant so I would have gone raveners to
shoot the Banshees at range and be able
to control them with Bor strikes if
they're fighting the hor and then you
get the rening talons and the the hi
tant probably improve synapse as well
should buff the HP of all my
units cuz you're find something weird
here so you want to respond with
something weird as well you wouldn't
normally go improve synaps and rening
Talons man look at the the leap damage
though from the Warriors going into
melee there and that was only with one
turant supporting not two no rending
Talons that could be doing insane work
against the Banshees but yeah the
Banshees just get ran through banshee's
Elite mod certainly buff their ability
to stand and trade but they're not
designed for
that quite lucky there to pop the the
warrior with your what spider xar what's
the other ter doing the other ter is
just going to
go take the VP that's fine I guess
honestly at this point
maybe hmas could disengage and do that I
don't know they're going to be bleeding
a lot right now probably not worth
it oh dear
why did he run the Guardians forward
there that's uh that's not very
good this is like ban blade level of
Flor from Ferro
Tyrion and this is also the advantage of
the rening talons in the oh wow that's
like the luckiest special in the world
is he going to get out alive oh he
deserves to die he stayed in way too
wrong with a hive tan holy [__] he gets
out that was lucky as [__] that he got a
special when he did I was just going to
say this is the advantage of the rending
talent you get that guaranteed 360
knockback well if you get lucky and you
just get a special like that then you
get 360 knock back anyway but that's
that's
ridiculous that was a [__] 5% chance
guys one in 20 chance and he got it
exactly when he needed
it but yeah reny Talons would have been
beautiful is kind of getting beyond that
stage my god he has so much resources he
should just be going tier two I think he
will be going tier two after the Ravena
brood the Raven's they're a good choice
they're needed here for
sure double holing Bunche holing
Bunchie why pulse here as far too small
of
a an Army against tyranids in particular
in general you should be having a four
unit tier one excluding your
hero cuz you generally get one tier 1.5
and then three basic units that only
cost wreck
right or two of each that's quite normal
but honestly at high level it's even
normal to get two tier 1.5 and three
basic so this is this is way too small
and also bear in mind I've not seen him
use group teleport yet either so I don't
really know why this W was a purchas if
he had
shurikens in all of these fights and he
had it just sort of layered behind his
banshees that could be quite effective
but I I don't really understand the
point of the howling banshees
either I don't get it so what do you get
in t to if you got double handling
banshees you get an AAC the utac can
jump on the warrior brood stop it
supressing y banshees and she will also
buff you your banshees give them extra
damage resistance to ranged which is
nice give them extra damage period every
time she kills a model so they all
attack them when you're in combat should
focus on killing the gauns to proc more
inspiration
Buffs but you're playing as the W spider
xac versus tanid you get a load of w
spiders as well that's pretty
meta they will melt
things now we see the rending talons and
the extended caras I mean it's not even
that bad because he's fighting two
banshees you would never get that
normally in tier
two but against double banshees I guess
it's
fine just the absence of units it's
really hard for wul to actually gain map
control I don't know why he went double
banshees though I don't understand why
he would feel that that's a good tactic
against the tyranids when tyranids
outspeed you and you don't want to fight
tyranid straight up that's just
suicide you want to Pok at them they've
got all these soft squishy models to
kill raveners aren't that squishy but
they're still
not well here we go group teleport at
least surprised uh phoh Tyrion there
quite a lot he could have just turned
around and suppressed the entire Army
but the B strangle Warrior brood but he
panicked and he just Mass retreated
everything it's like oh [__] bji
all X let's go see you later gigantic
float from both players right
now I don't know why W pulse isn't
buying anything he got to tier two way
before ferer and he hasn't done anything
with it he also still doesn't have
either up of the meta upgrades to make
his watw XA do crazy damage literally 50
DPS at stupid high range in tier one
which is so good at killing and all
these gauns and focusing Down The Hive
tant too psychic scream coming out
another tier one accessory don't know
why that's coming out right now let's
get some tier 2 units guys he's got a
Venom brood here as feryon
[Music]
um I guess that's fine because he has
got fre range units so he can buff them
with a range synapse but he isn't buying
range synapse yet so I'm a little bit
confused about that ironically there is
a falcon coming up which is funny
because of the fact that Ty has just
bought the Venom brood
blind even before he's seen a vehicle
from wul wul not going to see the Venom
brood either so he is going
to buy a falcon into a blind Venom brood
which is so
funny we are seeing the exac now on the
Banshee squads I think since he's going
for double banshees and melee Shimmer
ORS would be effective here so that you
don't take any range damage on approach
or whilst you're in the middle of a Mele
fight you don't take any range damage if
you're surrounded by a shimmer we do now
have the range
setups so yeah as you can see there
quite a lot of range damage coming out
of these tyranids now you've also got
the potential for a thorax swarm upgrade
on the worry brood grab some electr shck
grubs which will then zone out the
Falcon wow even committed to the Venom
Cannon so this falcan is going to be in
a tricky spot with a charging Venom
Cannon Hy tant and a Venom brood and
potentially yep Forex swarm on the
Warriors honestly at this point F range
just CU TI
three I would even consider really
looking at my resources here this much
wreck and this much power and the fact
I'm feeling very comfortable if I'm the
Tade build a n here and get another gen
you generally don't ever want to go
above four gens but yeah build another
build the N get another gen and then
just go tier three and start the
carnifix train baby get the cars coming
out one formb back one Venom one bow
Strangler in that
order cuz why pulse is too
slow he's very indecisive about his
Maneuvers okay we do have Shimmer OBS
that's cool we'll see how effective it
can be I think it's generally quite a
weak War gear but it's definitely a good
idea in this instance Power blades as
well so he's turned his W spider xar
even into a melon play leader which is
interesting this group teleport player
could be punished a lot though here with
the rening talons ability he's now
swapped out of course also the
desiccator lava which can be spawned out
by the thorax swarm warry brood
basically does an AOE where the
desicated lava will eat away at the
durability of any nearby troops the
effect is if you're near the Warriors
when they spew out the desicated lava
you will take more damage and before and
he's not even going to move just gets
wrecked in the middle not sure why he
went for a vehicle if he is quite that
bad at micro it's probably not time to
use the vehicles yet probably a good
idea to play some triple Guardians in
team games and then get the Falcon in t
two and work a your vehicle play that
way willly call in the desate lava this
is a good Ambush with the group teleport
no he didn't call it in and he's got the
Shimmer OBS now a little bit slow on the
Shimmer obs
but he does use them so right now these
banshees can't be hurt while they're
inside the orb you can see it just gets
absorbed by the
orb bold move burrowing there yeah they
need to get
out so obviously feryon just not very um
Adept at knowing how to respond to these
group teleports which might give wul
the um misconception that the group
teleport is a lot better than it is
and now the Falcon died yeah you have to
go back to the rening talons and that
would be so brutal against that group
teleport
player why pulse unfortunately not
realizing he's getting hammered by homon
he's going to lose them oh
dear oh dear I don't know why he tried
to throw a grenade there that was a
weird Panic thing if anything use Fleet
of foot and then Dash but really again
just hit X
bro your Guardians are getting
caught devoured by horants like just
just get out there they don't need to
stick
around tier three for wul tier three for
Ferro Tyrion feryon probably just saving
up for a swan Lord he's got so much
requisition but not enough power I'm
telling you man just build a Nord and
get more gens you don't need the
requisition at this point hly you can
node both of these why pul in general
okay
look why why why are you getting
Guardians right
now
why I going get
it going get it that seems what are they
possibly
doing they're no better at capping than
any other Eldar Squad really if anything
you should get the rangers they get
Fleet foot by default and they're way
cheaper in terms of initial sunk cost
and also in terms of pp if you just run
a capping Squad they're the
best all these upgrades are pointless
man they're not going to do anything to
the enemy that is the primary threat to
you have you yet to see okay now the wat
spider did something in that last
engagement with the Shimmer robs in
melee going to say yet to see him use
the melee but he dides something I don't
know why he doesn't just go into melee
right now with these
Warriors yeah why pul general just not
enough
units need to use the global W spider
[Music]
calling loads of red for
it I think if you want to play double
banshees you should be playing F here
with Spirit
Stones
really even the Wallock with channeling
runes and then what you do is you split
them up god dude this is like so
Telegraph
the okay seismic
raw unfortunately fuon is just
incapable handling an army versus army
fight he's very very slow to
react but there's a massive delay on
that group teleport and it's obvious
where all your units come out blobbed up
you get hit by that seismic Roar you
were taking so much damage then the
turers and the raveners just walk away
then the
raveners burrow on top of your units and
it sends them all flying I mean it's
just terrible yeah feryon [__] this up
tremendously holy [__] what SPID X
actually be teleporting after the hi T
right now we'll kill him with another
okay it didn't
bother literally could have killed him
with another attack there from the Power
blades so we do have the fback carif
effect now out but that is a lot of
fuan power down the
drain now we're getting a squad of
manually purchas SW spiders I don't know
why he just called them in using the
global does he really want eldrich storm
that bad I don't think you want eldri
storm against tyranids like it's quite
hard to hit con
effects I don't think it's that big of a
deal just
get use your Global to call down a w
spider Squad and then you can go for a
fire prism afterwards to chunk away at
the health the kind effects from max
range obviously if you're in tier three
with a falcon you should be getting the
Falcon energy Shield which she is not
getting
either suppose the one advantage oh my
God the micro of the Falcon is so bad it
is
unbelievable
ky
ky you've got to keep them moving at all
times man this is pretty wild he's
trying to kill a carif effect with
double banshees and a w spider xar
format carif effect that is a braver man
than
I obviously for now he's got a temporary
reprieve whilst the canoun ofix was done
by the hair wire but now the counter fix
is oh there you go both the B xaxs are
dead holy [__] man and there you go he
just charges out and that's a lot of
bleed for the elar and the canoun ofix
just goes back to
base
so not a very good idea to do
that just send the carif effects back to
base man don't re-engage at this point
the hair wire will be off cool down soon
more EXs could come in in it's a nice
Shimmer Rob not the
best rending
Talons can't believe he's re-engaging
here with the counter effects it's kind
of
mental yeah that kind ofix has got way
too much HP for the spider xar to take
on yeah now canif effect train is really
chew chewing isn't it
second one comes
out uh I mean I would have Sav it up for
swarm Lord given that there isn't a fire
prism yet if there's a fire prism a
Venom can and con effects is all
right I wouldn't go for the wait why
pulse is in tier two I thought it was
tier
three oh my god he has so many resources
at one point how is he not tier three
holy [__] he had like 800 resources I
swear oh my
[Music]
goodness yeah this is
tough there's nothing he can do at this
point this is
ridiculous you need to have a fire prism
we got bar a strangle th Cannon can
effects you need a fire prison to kill
this [__] thing or say council with
the singing Spears the new heavy melee
singing
Spears um I mean these guys will rip it
up but obviously it just disengages it
doesn't need to stand and fight them and
then you get disrupted by The Hive tant
sort of thing oh and the spawn mines as
well yeah yum fun fun fun fun fun
fun I don't know why he keeps buying
Falcons when they're not doing anything
for
him it's not that the Falcons are bad
obviously white pulse just can't micro
them I think vles you really need to
spend some time just playing Team games
where you just go Guardians and no
banshees and you rely on faing your
Falcon around and creating little
compositions where you have like
Guardian here Guardian here Guardian
here Falcon here and you just fight
around the Falcon and and improve your
Falcon micro that
way eventually you'll you'll see the
power of
it AAC should have been here a long time
ago like said with double banshees orack
makes a lot of sense she's got a lot of
synergies with the
Banshees but it's a bit of a strange
choice right now to go for an autac
when you're fighting a Duo of carif
effects oh wow look at the damage from
that what a beautiful
special I think the uh special of the
can effect got so-called bug
fixed um well I don't know if it did go
down as a bug fix but basically the arc
on the special because it goes like vu
vuo in a wave there was a chance if it
knocks you over that it then hits you
again so it hits you twice in one
special and therefore does double damage
and it you know but I don't know how
often that
applied that also occurred with the r
Lord [__] laap special attack and it's
no coincidence that that special attack
and the can sort of sihing one uh two
really powerful special attacks and
that's been adjusted to not occur in the
future so we'll have to see in future
patches how much of a ner that actually
is but anyway there you go that is the
game uh not really a very close one
either kind of a stomp but I think why
pulse just wanted a bit of advice on
that
one I mean God feryon did not play well
well at all he I think Wiles if you felt
like that group teleport was effective
just bear in mind that that was only
because feriton was really
bad
this was a terrible purchase to get as
early as you got
it way too early before any tier 1.5 why
did you get no tier 1.5 why did you go
double banshees against a hi tarant as
the W spider xack and if you are going
to do it you have to get the heavy gauge
death filament in tier one in order to
stun The Hive tant to prevent rending
Talons now again feryon was really slow
to use his rending talents to counter
this group teleport in fact I think he
just made him Panic a lot and he didn't
really do anything about it but it could
have gone really badly for you if he did
the counter to that is to then have your
what spider xac using the stun or just
in general engagements when the Banshees
just charge forward normally and you
don't use group teleport because you
probably shouldn't even have group
teleport
on you can prevent the half T counter
initiating fully by stunning him with
you what spreader xac and then you can
chop him up quite well whilst he's
stunned but make sure you get away
before he can use that seismic raw in
general I think you want more units
though in tier one I think you want
probably double Guardians against the
tyranids and you probably want Rangers
and maybe double shurikens as well so
six units in tier one at least five you
need loads against the tanist St their
Onslaught in T2 it becomes easy cuz then
you get your W
spiders or you go for an N attack if
you've gone double Banshees for some
reason but don't go double banshees it's
too easy to counter for tyranids it
really is anyway that is all folks I'm
going to be signing
out top it out
[Music]
n